partition_manager: enable RAM partitioning (#2080)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: scripts/partition_manager/partition_manager.rst

Overview
********

The Partition Manager script reads configuration files named :file:`pm.yml`, which define flash and RAM partitions.
A flash partition's definition includes its name and constraints on its size and placement on flash.
A RAM partition's definition includes its name and constraints on its size.
The Partition Manager allocates a start address and sometimes a size to each partition in a way that satisfies these constraints.

> There are four different kinds of **flash partitions**, and three different kinds of
> **ram partitions**, as described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are different kinds of **flash partitions** and **RAM partitions**, as described below.
```

You will forget to update this sentence every time you add a new type, so let's be less specific. ;)

The start addresses and sizes of image partitions are used in the preprocessing of the linker script for each image.

RAM partition types
=====================

> Image RAM partitions

Reviewer 2: I think this should be singular to make it clear that it is a single partition shared among images. Could be "default image RAM partition".

   An image RAM partition consists of all RAM that is not defined as a permanent image RAM partition or placeholder RAM partition.

>    It is the default RAM partition associated with an image.

Reviewer 2: We could mention as an aside that this is the memory area available when linking the image. This could be mentioned for flash image partitions as well. It's info for advanced users, but will be very useful for those users.

Author: Added this info here, and on the section about permanent image RAM partitions as well.

>    If an image must reserve its RAM area permanently, it must use a permanent image RAM partition, described below.

Reviewer 2: We should probably clarify the lifetime of the image RAM partition a bit. Permanently -> at the same time as another image in the same domain is running.

Author: Changed to `   If an image must reserve its RAM area permanently (i.e. at the same time as other images are running), it must use a permanent image RAM partition, described below.
`

The start addresses and sizes of image partitions are used in the preprocessing of the linker script for each image.

RAM partition types
=====================

Default image RAM partition
   The default image RAM partition consists of all RAM that is not defined as a permanent image RAM partition or placeholder RAM partition.
   It is the default RAM partition associated with an image and is set as the RAM region when linking the image.
   If an image must reserve its RAM area permanently (i.e. at the same time as other images are running), it must use a permanent image RAM partition, described below.

.. _pm_permanent_image_ram_partition:

Permanent image RAM partitions
   A permanent image RAM partition reserves RAM for an image permanently.
   It is typically used for images that will remain active after they have booted the next step in the boot chain.

>    If an image has configured a permanent image RAM partition, it is set as the RAM region when linking the image.

Reviewer 2: Instead of the default region.

The start addresses and sizes of image partitions are used in the preprocessing of the linker script for each image.

RAM partition types
=====================

> Image RAM partition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Image RAM partitions
```
Or remove the plural for the flash partitions if you think this is misleading for partition types where there can only be one. We should be consistent.

>    This partition consists of all RAM which is not defined as permanent image RAM partitions, or placeholder RAM partitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   An image RAM partition consists of all RAM that is not defined as a permanent image RAM partition or placeholder RAM partition.
```

   It is the default RAM partition associated with an image.

>    If an image needs to permanently reserve its RAM area, it must use a Permanent Image RAM Partition, described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If an image must reserve its RAM area permanently, it must use a permanent image RAM partition, described below.
```

.. _pm_permanent_image_ram_partition:

> Permanent Image RAM Partition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Permanent image RAM partitions
```

>    This partition reserves RAM for an image permanently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A permanent image RAM partition reserves RAM for an image permanently.
```

>    It is typically used for images which will "live" after they have booted the next step in the boot chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   It is typically used for images that will remain active after they have booted the next step in the boot chain.
```
Not sure what you mean with "live" - remain active? Or remain accessible?

.. _pm_permanent_placeholder_ram_partition:

> Permanent Placeholder RAM Partitions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Permanent placeholder RAM partitions
```

>    Permanent Placeholder RAM Partitions are used for reserving RAM regions permanently which are not associated with any image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A permanent placeholder RAM partition is used to permanently reserve RAM regions that are not associated with an image.
```

         property_value

*partition_name* is the name of the partition (for example, ``mcuboot``).

> 

Reviewer 3: Intentional?

Reviewer: Yes - the next sentence is not related, so we need to start a new paragraph.

         property_value

*partition_name* is the name of the partition (for example, ``mcuboot``).

> The following partition properties and property values are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following partition properties and property values are available:

```
(Pretty sure you need a line break here.)

   Specify the region where a partition should be placed.
   See :ref:`pm_regions`.

.. _partition_manager_ram_configuration:

RAM partition configuration
   RAM partitions are partitions located in the ``ram_primary`` region.

>    A RAM partition is specified either by having the partition name end with ``_ram``.

Reviewer: Or?

Author: No or, I removed the `either`.

>    If a partition name matches ``\*image_name\*_ram`` it will be used as a :ref:`pm_permanent_image_ram_partition` for ``image_name``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If a partition name consists of an image name and the ending ``_ram``, it is used as a :ref:`pm_permanent_image_ram_partition` for the image.
```

   .. code-block:: yaml
      :caption: RAM partitions configuration

      # This ...
      some_permament_ram_block_used_for_logging:
         size: 0x1000
         region: ram_primary

      # ... is equivalent to
      some_permament_ram_block_used_for_logging_ram:
         size: 0x1000

>       # Specify Permanent Image RAM Partition for MCUBoot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # Specify permanent image RAM partition for MCUboot.
```

>       # This will be used by the MCUBoot linker script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # This will be used by the MCUboot linker script.
```
